[theme music]
[sighs]
[phone chimes]
[Ik-sun] I think
I'll get there a bit late,
so I changed my ticket to 12 a.m. instead.
I'll just take a cab,
so don't worry about me.
And, um, if you see a pretty girl
in the dining room,
try not to act surprised when you see her.
That's just me.
[chuckles]
[chuckles softly]
[sighs deeply]
[cap clatters]
[exhales deeply]
[cell phone ringing]
Hey.
[Jun-wan] Do you mind
buying my bus ticket?
-[mouse clicks]
-Sure.
-Weren't you gonna take the train?
-Something came up.
-Are there any seats left?
-Let me check.
[sighs]
[mouse clicks]
[keyboard clacks]
[Ik-jun] Now let's see.
Ah. Hold on a minute.
[Jun-wan] The earliest one. Okay?
The earliest one?
All right, hold on.
Is there any left?
Oh, wait, no. Earliest ones are gone.
-Then it doesn't matter.
-Huh.
Hey, let me tell you something,
so who were you drinking
with on the train before?
Oh, those old drunkards.
My parents and my sister
can't really hold their liquor.
Ah. So you guys drank at home?
So your mom got to see
both of her kids for her birthday.
That must have made her happy.
Yeah.
Well, I booked it.
I'll text you the deets.
Thank you.
You're thanking me?
You must be really drunk.
[phone beeps]
What?
[cell phone beeps]
STILL BEAUTIFUL LADY, MS. JEONG
[gentle music playing]
"STILL BEAUTIFUL" BY TOY
CHANGWON, SEOUL
["Still Beautiful" continues playing]
How have you been?
Good. How about you?
Not too bad.
Are you staying in Changwon now?
Or maybe… Seoul?
I'm staying in Changwon.
Will you be in Seoul over the weekend?
Well, if that's the case,
then I'd like to see you.
If you're uncomfortable, it's okay.
I was just hoping…
that we could meet up and talk.
[theme music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Song-hwa] There's no clear border
between the tumor
and normal brain tissues.
[sighs]
This will be tricky.
[machine whirring]
[machine beeping]
The micro scissors aren't working well.
[nurse 1] Can we get a new pair of these?
Sure, no problem.
[machine beeping]
[Jun-wan] How's the cardioplegic solution?
[perfusionist] Mm-hm.
They received the full dose.
[Jun-wan] Hmm.
It keeps getting in the way.
Hold it upright.
[Jae-hak] I'm sorry.
The BP is a little low.
[anesthesiologist 1] Okay.
[anesthesiologist 2]
Professor Lee, the BP is dropping.
[Ik-sun] There's pressure pushing
against the IVC.
When you're pulling on the liver,
pull it up. Don't press down.
[Gyeo-ul] Right.
This branch is open, causing the bleeding.
Mixter.
[machine beeping]
2-0 thread, please.
[Ik-jun sighs]
We have the major bleeding under control.
The BP should be all right now.
[anesthesiologist 3] All right.
[nurse 2] Two of this, please.
[Jeong-won] Mosquito forceps.
One more, please.
Peanut sponge.
Before performing the ligation,
double-check it first,
make sure to do it like this.
And raise it as much as you can
before you start on the ligation.
[Ji-u] Yes, Professor.
But I find it difficult
to identify the hernia sac.
What you were dissecting earlier
was the vas deferens?
Right. It'll… it'll be easier once
you've gotten used to it down the line.
The intern should see this too, up close.
Are you there Hong-do?
[tools clanking]
[nurse 3] Hey, wake up.
I'm sorry, Professor.
[Jeong-won exhales sharply]
[chuckles]
It's all right. When you're an intern,
you're always tired.
Mosquito forceps.
One more, please.
Suture, please.
[Seung-ju] Here, let me show you the baby.
The anterior and posterior fontanels
are open, and there's no cleft palate.
Ears look good too, no deformities.
And so does the anus.
As for the toes,
there's five on both feet,
as you can see here.
So that's one, two, and three…
Five full fingers on each foot.
They'll examine the baby again over
in the newborn nursery. Okay?
[Seok-hyeong] All right.
You can take a break now.
Ah, you need to push out your placenta.
It'll be uncomfortable,
but this will be it, okay?
Okay.
It's not good to deliver this quickly.
[chuckles softly]
What?
Some people assume all of this is easy.
Oh, not at all. Believe me.
Nobody's going to think that way.
[chuckles]
I know it must have been difficult for you
to follow a strict diet.
But on your next appointment,
we're going to do a glucose test
just to make sure
everything's all right. Okay?
[patient] All right.
No need to feel pressure. You'll do fine.
-Just focus on your serve.
-Mm-hm.
I hear everyone in Orthopedics is good.
We made it in to the quarterfinals too.
You've got a really strong team.
-Oh. Hello.
-Good morning.
Hello.
Please check up on Heo Bo-gyeong,
and make sure she can self-void as well.
Yes, Professor.
Oh, by the way, the quarterfinals.
What quarterfinals?
Ah.
If she has trouble urinating,
please make sure
to tell her doctor about it.
All right.
You can do this.
[quirky music]
-[A-yeon] Wow.
-[door slides opened]
Now, this is a miracle.
He couldn't even make eye contact
with us in the beginning.
I can't believe he just said that.
-[laughter]
-So Professor Yang must know
that I'm a fellow here
in ob-gynecology, right?
Come on. You already did rounds
with him in the morning.
[sucks teeth, sighs]
But he always treats me
as if he's never seen me before.
In our case, it took half a year.
What?
It took us half a year
to eat with him in the cafeteria.
-Oh…
-[phone ringing]
It's my partner, Ms. Song Su-bin.
Yes, Ms. Song.
[Su-bin] Hey, get down here.
-Let's win the game and get back to work.
-Okay, I'll be on my way.
[exhales deeply]
I'll be right back.
-Good luck.
-[A-yeon] You can do this!
[cell phone ringing]
[Ik-jun] Don't drop out! I can make it.
-[Ji-hun] Okay, you can take your time.
-[Ik-jun pants]
The other match isn't over yet.
Let me just wash my face.
[footsteps approaching]
Is something up?
No, not anymore.
I'm just gathering my thoughts.
It's nothing bad, is it?
All right, then.
[Seok-hyeong] Wait a sec, why aren't you
with the rest of the team?
-Where?
-The tennis quarterfinals.
Ah.
How's my department going to do it
when I'm all that they have?
But don't you have the fellows
and the residents?
[clicks tongue]
Everyone's too busy.
[Seok-hyeong] You can just go down
for your match and come back.
[inhales sharply]
Some people have the time,
but nobody knows how to play.
So you've asked them.
[sighs]
Lee Ik-jun. I can beat him easily.
Ah, it's so annoying.
He's gonna make such a big deal out of it.
[chuckles]
So what's the first prize gonna be?
Two million won for team dinners.
[gasps]
That's huge.
I bet it's gonna be fierce then.
[lively music]
THE 10TH YULJE TABLE TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP
QUARTERFINALS
HEMATO-ONCOLOGY, PHARMACY
HOSPITAL MEDICINE, NUCLEAR MEDICINE
NURSING, ORTHOPEDICS
RADIOLOGY, HPB SURGERY
[lively music continues]
We will begin
in approximately three minutes.
-Hey, Professor.
-Hm?
I heard Professor Ik-jun was
in a table tennis club.
I heard that he's really good.
Sounds like he was in every club
back in college.
Even a magic club.
Yeah, but he made it to the quarterfinals.
So he must be good. I mean, look at him.
Don't you know how they made it this far?
Those guys are just like you and me.
[grunting]
Ah…
THE 10TH YULJE
TABLE TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP
ROUND OF 32
HPB SURGERY, EMERGENCY MEDICINE
[grunts, shouts]
[exhales deeply]
Hey, Ik-jun. You know my parents
ran a table tennis court?
I do. But Gwang-hyeon,
you know you work in the ER, right?
-I do.
-It's really gutsy of you to do this,
when emergency patients
can come in anytime.
[laughs]
You're clueless, aren't you?
It's all in emergency in my department.
And not to worry,
we have many fellows and residents.
I can spare a few minutes and do this.
[chuckles]
Ready. We'll begin, you two.
[both scoff]
You. You've been doing push-ups, man?
-All right, you little freak.
-Yeah.
-Why, let's go.
-Were you gonna kiss me, huh?
-Uh-huh.
-Calm down, man. Take it easy.
[suspenseful music]
[ringtone ringing]
-Hello.
-[nurse] Professor.
The DI patient we moved to the ward
is suddenly experiencing hematemesis
and cold sweats.
The blood pressure is dropping too.
It looks like we need
to bring the patient back to the ICU.
-Right, I'm coming.
-[doctor pants]
[door opens]
[door closes]
ROUND OF 16
CARDIOTHORACIC SURGERY, HPB SURGERY
[drumbeats]
[Jae-hak grunting]
Oh, my gosh, I can't tell
whether Jae-hak is good or not.
His posture sucks,
but I get the feeling he's just faking it.
[Jae-hak grunting]
How about Professor Kim Jun-wan?
Well, he's not that bad.
We used to play every weekend.
But he looks like he hates it.
He always looks grumpy. Yeah, it's true.
Hey, Dr. Do. I take you're good at this.
[grunting]
Professor.
[panting]
It took me four tries to get into college.
And I failed the bars six times over,
cause I was focused on this.
Don't say too much, Jae-hak.
[imitates zipper closes]
Let's get started.
[suspenseful music]
THE 10TH YULJE
TABLE TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP
[exhales deeply]
[suspenseful music continues]
[PA system chimes]
[announcer] Code Blue Alert.
Cardiothoracic Surgery.
Main building, Room 6205.
Code Blue Alert. Cardiothoracic Surgery.
[quirky music playing]
[door closes]
Professor Lee.
You're busy with surgeries and patients.
So what exactly do you think doing here?
Don't worry.
I'll help you get back to work right away.
Well, I can say the same thing
about you, sir.
I didn't know you played table tennis.
Come on now.
For 20 years, I've been involved
in marathons, soccer matches
and badminton games as well.
But table tennis is new to you.
Well…
Let's have a good game.
Okay.
We'll begin the match in a while.
You know Professor Shin's nickname, right?
The Human Endoscope.
Your partner in liver transplants
and the best abdominal imaging
expert here.
"The Bluffer."
Hmm?
It's because he rarely ever tells
the truth.
[gasps]
He bluffs like there's no tomorrow.
I heard the fellow with him
is pretty good,
but Shin himself, he's just a newbie.
-So he'll be our target.
-All right.
[flamenco music]
[grunting]
Let the match begin.
-[doctor] Okay, nice.
-[Hui-seong] Move. I got this!
Here! Here! I got this!
I got this!
Okay. I got this.
Bring it.
[shouts]
I got it. I did!
[laughs]
Did you guys see that?
That was all me! I got it! Yeah!
Whoo-hoo! Whoo-hoo!
All right. Let's go! Let's go!
[Hui-seong] Come on. Come on. Let's go.
Radiology team is disqualified.
HPB Surgery Wins!
All right.
-[door opens, closes]
-Huh?
What?
[door opens, closes]
SEMIFINALS
HEMATO-ONCOLOGY, NUCLEAR MEDICINE
ORTHOPEDICS, HPB SURGERY
[both grunting]
[groaning]
[Ik-jun] All right.
-Oh, hey, that's right.
-Yes?
Ms. Song Su-bin called just now
and said that
you hurt her feelings
in the quarterfinals.
What? Why?
We know your husband is in OS,
but then she felt upset
that you rooted for them,
instead of the Nursing Department.
She took it really hard, apparently.
What is she talking about?
I cheered for them
back in the quarterfinals.
[whistles]
Spreading false info!
First warning!
Oh. All right.
[clicks tongue]
Sorry.
-[chuckles]
-Honey.
-Good job.
-I know, right?
[surgeon's wife chuckles]
[dramatic classical music]
THE 10TH YULJE
TABLE TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP
[all grunting]
[grunts]
[grunting continues]
[all panting]
[panting continues]
[laughs]
[gasps]
Oh.
[murmurs]
Did you just get back from the OR?
Yeah. I hope I don't smell like sweat.
[chuckles]
No. Why did you even drop by?
It's not like this is important.
I was curious. What's the score?
-[Song-hwa gasps]
-[professor] Oh, yeah.
-Nice!
-Yeah, boy!
-[laughter]
-[applause]
[professor] That's it! That's it!
That's how you do it.
[professor chuckles]
-Match point.
-[professor] Nice.
Did they lose?
They're about to lose.
[breathes heavily]
-Hey, Song-hwa.
-[chuckles softly]
[breathes deeply]
We should aim for a deuce, no matter what.
There's something I wanna do.
[upbeat music]
[puffs]
[all grunting]
[Ik-jun grunts]
Oh!
-Nice!
-[professor] Darn it! Come on!
-[Ik-jun exclaims]
-[groans]
[sighs]
It's okay.
[referee] Ready.
THE 10TH YULJE
TABLE TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP
[upbeat music continues]
[all grunting]
Yes.
[muttering]
[Ik-jun] Hey, hey, come on!
[all grunting]
-Oh! Yes!
-[grunts]
[Ji-hun] Yeah!
Yeah!
[both] Yeah! Whoo-hoo!
-Deuce?
-Deuce!
[upbeat music]
[Song-hwa laughs]
-Hey! Hey! What do you…
-[laughing]
You're just wasting energy doing that.
[Seok-hyeong] What happened?
Is that a deuce?
[Ik-jun] We just need
one more point, okay?
We just need one more point,
and we're gonna win this match.
-[both pant]
-Hey, what's wrong?
I need a massage.
-What?
-The kitty massage!
[groaning]
[Ji-hun] My leg's cramping.
Oh, damn it, it hurts!
Hold on. Time out. Time out. Time out.
Hang on. Hang on. Time out.
-[Ik-jun meows]
-[Ji-hun groans]
[Ik-jun meowing, hissing]
Oh, wait.
[meows]
Professor, if we win the prize,
how about we go for some barbecue?
-Yes, sounds good.
-[chuckles]
Hey! Your wife's gone into labor.
-Oh, my goodness.
-[groaning]
Honey.
[groans]
Oh, it hurts.
[surgeon] Just take a deep breath.
Professor Yang.
Yes.
[surgeon's wife groaning]
[surgeon] Just keep breathing
like we've learned.
-[surgeon breathes deeply]
-[surgeon's wife groaning]
FINALS
NUCLEAR MEDICINE, HPB SURGERY
THE 10TH YULJE
TABLE TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP GAME RULES
[breathes deeply]
Hey. Have you heard?
Nuclear Medicine made it here
without losing a match.
Their opponents only scored five times.
That's awfully kind of you.
Thanks for discouraging me over here, man.
Hey, hey. Will you stop
chugging those down?
Don't tell me that
you need to go to the restroom?
If you go later,
then you're gonna be so dead.
[crunching]
All right, fine.
Hey. You want some hot tea?
-Sure.
-No, hold on to it.
I'll have it after I win.
Good grief.
Before it gets cold,
I'll come back a champion.
[light music]
[exhales deeply]
Let's go.
[light music continues]
[quirky music]
[grunts]
[groans]
[exhales heavily]
[grunting]
[both] Oh.
Well, I'm going.
[whistle blowing]
The game ends with a score of two to zero.
Nuclear Medicine wins.
Let's hear it for Nuclear Medicine.
Congratulations.
-[referee laughs]
-[ball clanking]
-[sighs]
-[Song-hwa clapping]
[sighs]
Jeez.
[scoffs]
Man.
Aw, that's hot.
-[groans]
-Hey.
That fellow can make the national team.
And that professor, she's like a…
She's like an Olympic gold medalist.
I know.
[professor 2] That was a good game.
-Thank you very much.
-[Ik-jun] Oh. yes. yes.
-[Ik-jun] That was a great match.
-[Ji-hun] Thank you.
Ah, actually, um, uh,
I'm was a bit curious about something.
Are you two, um, uh…
Are you actually doctors?
Because you're unbelievably good.
[chuckles]
I'm flattered.
Uh, but this is just my hobby.
Have a nice day.
Professor, we didn't even need
to take a shower.
[laughs]
-She looks just like her.
-Huh?
She looks exactly like her.
-[groaning]
-Hey.
Hold on.
-[groans]
-Do something quick.
[in sing-song]
Baby, baby, baby.
-Come, just do something!
-Baby, baby, baby.
[Ji-hun] Eh, careful. Careful.
-Hey! Give me a massage.
[Ik-jun] Then lie down.
[groaning]
[Ik-jun meows]
[Song-hwa] Do you any need help?
No, it's okay.
[meows]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Take it easy.
Bye.
[cell phone trilling]
[Gyeo-ul] Yes, hello?
[Jeong-won] I wanted to see you
for a moment. Where are you?
I'm in the Medical Office right now,
but I have to go home soon.
I'm supposed to have dinner with my mom.
Ah, all right. I'll see you
at the hospital tomorrow, then.
All right. I'm really sorry about this.
[chuckles]
Why are you saying sorry?
I'm totally fine, so don't worry about me.
I'll see you tomorrow.
[Gyeo-uk] Okay.
[phone beeps]
[sighs deeply]
[exhales sharply]
[Min-ha] Dr. Jang,
do you want to have dinner?
I need your advice.
[sighs]
I'm sorry, Min-ha.
But I have to go home right away.
But didn't you say
you had to work on your paper all night?
I'm going to come back here later.
Hm?
I want to go home
to fix dinner for my mom.
And then as soon as she falls asleep,
that's when I'll came back.
That way, I won't worry.
Is your mom badly hurt or something?
Why don't you bring her in?
Wait. Did something happen to her before?
[Min-ha] What kind of injury was it?
[chuckles softly]
Don't worry.
I'll tell you everything soon.
But right now,
my head is all over the place.
I'm sorry.
Cheer up, Gyeo-ul.
[Min-ha] Hmm?
You're doing so well over here.
I don't know what's going on back home,
but everything will be okay.
I'm sure that someone like you
can get over this, no problem.
-[gentle music]
-But if you need someone to talk to,
or need help with anything,
let me know, okay?
-You know I'm just here most of the time.
-[chuckles]
Just give me a call,
and I'll be there. Okay?
-Okay.
-Hm.
All right, then get going.
Your mom is waiting for you.
[Gyeo-ul] Hm.
-[Ik-jun] It's just us two again?
-[Jun-wan] Mm-hm.
What about Jeong-won?
He just left. Probably got a date.
Where's Seok-hyeong?
He's got a date with his mom.
Isn't Song-hwa staying late tonight
to work on the exam questions?
-She's done. Just left too.
-Wow!
She's got so much energy.
Hey, you should tell her
to cut down on her work
every now and then.
She listens to you.
Why is she working a bit less now?
[munching]
[inhales sharply]
Do you do this to your girlfriend?
Hm?
You're sitting there eating
while I'm setting things up.
Ahn Jeong-won.
I thought you left.
-Be gone! I said be gone!
-[chuckles]
Be gone! Go and enjoy your date!
Be gone! I said be gone!
Oh. I'm Jang Gyeo-ul.
Why should he do all the work
-while you don't even lift a finger?
-[gasps]
Why are you like this?
Why are you doing this to him, huh?
Hey, be gone, you prick. Be gone!
-Get out!
-But I'm Jang Gyeo-ul, don't you know?
-Jang Gyeo-ul.
-What kind of prick are you?
-Be gone, you!
-[Ik-jun laughs]
You jerk! Be gone!
[sighs]
Hey, Bong. I got this for you.
[chuckles]
I felt bad for you,
so I decided not to take off just yet.
I got it before the café closed.
[inhales deeply]
I'm used to working night shifts.
But thanks either way.
Hold on. So you're going home now?
Oh, really, you'll have me leave
this early?
You know, I got to say. Today seems…
[whispers]
Just go.
-All right then.
-Hm.
-Goodbye.
-Mm.
[Jae-min panting]
-Bye.
[Jae-min] Professor.
Should we use flumazenil
and benzodiazepine
DI patient Um Hye-yun?
-Did you check her brain?
-No, I haven't yet.
Okay, listen. Go give her some flumazenil
and see if she wakes up after a while.
That should do it.
If not, do a brain imaging test.
-Got it.
-[telephone ringing]
Yulje Emergency Center.
This is paramedic Jung Tae-yeong.
We have a male TA patient. 39. Drowsy.
Um, BP is 80 over 50.
Heart rate, 120.
Respiratory rate, over 30.
37.6 degrees Celsius.
And with severe chest pain.
His BP keeps dropping. He needs a doctor.
Can we take him to Yulje?
Uh, when can you get here?
Uh, we'll be there in about five minutes.
Send him in right away. We'll get ready.
[suspenseful music]
We've got TA patient coming.
His mental status and vitals are unstable.
He's got chest pain.
So let's do a sono
and get ready for intubation as well.
Yes, doctor.
[siren blaring]
[machine beeping]
[rattling]
[sighs]
His BP has dropped to 60.
Go and get two finds of Type-O blood
for an emergency transfusion.
Okay.
[tense music]
[sighs deeply]
He has cardiac tamponade.
-[grunts softly]
-[gel squishing]
[gel squishing]
There's fluid collection
in the abdominal cavity.
Linear.
And pneumothorax too.
[sighs deeply]
Get the chest portable.
And get ready for a chest tube insertion
and a pericardiocentesis.
Okay.
-Call CS and Surgery. Right away.
-Right.
[sighs]
[Seok-min sighs]
I have nothing to do at home anyway.
Do you want me to stay?
I'm still busy. And I'm sorry,
but I still have to finish my thesis,
and Professor Min is on call tonight,
so I'll have to take care
of most of the calls.
But I really can't wait
to hang out with you.
Well, how about a kiss then?
[romantic music]
[chuckles softly]
-[door opens]
-[both grunt]
Uh, I'm sorry. I, uh…
What should I do?
Well, I mean, you can just be on your way.
Okay.
Good. Hey, I thought you were going up.
Weren't you going up stairs
to see Yun-bok?
Uh…
[Hong-do panting]
-Oh.
-[Hong-do chuckles awkwardly]
[chuckles]
[Seon-bin] You should go. Goodbye.
[playful music]
[groaning]
[exhales deeply]
[clears throat]
Why are you ignoring my texts?
I don't even have time to sleep,
let alone check my phone.
[sighs]
When am I gonna finish all of this?
Come on, help me with the ABG analysis.
Figure it out yourself.
I'm super busy now.
You're gonna get it for this.
-[scoffs]
-[door closes]
[scoffs]
I'd obviously help if I knew how to do it.
Doesn't he know that he's asking
the wrong person for help in this problem?
[sighs]
-That silly, silly fool.
-[door opens]
Ah, I really don't know.
I really don't know
how to do any of this at all.
Oh, good evening.
What don't you know?
Uh, it's nothing.
Just don't mind me.
I only came to make a cup of coffee.
Okay.
[rattles]
So you've got a lot of homework?
Yeah.
The professors often forget
about the homework they assigned,
-so just do your best.
-[water trickling]
If you can't finish…
[Seong-yeong yawns]
…just say sorry and let them yell at you.
You're still an intern here,
so they won't be too hard on you.
Okay, thank you for the coffee.
You're still just an intern…
so they aren't gonna kill you.
[Seong-yeong] Just take it easy.
[Yun-bok] Hey. Thanks again
for the coffee.
[Seon-bin] Keep your eyes open,
Seong-yeong.
["I Like You" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
Dr. Heo.
Dr. Choi Seong-yeong
just made me a cup of coffee.
I can't help but feel really touched
by what he did.
[chuckles softly]
Hey, Yun-bok.
Try to wake up.
While you're still an intern here,
you'll fall for any senior
who does anything nice.
But that's just because you're tired.
I bet you think Seong-yeong
looks very handsome and dashing.
You're not in the right state of mind.
Hm.
I'm pretty swamped with the homework,
but he told me that I didn't need
to finish everything right away,
and he even made me
a cup of hot delicious coffee too.
He cheered me up,
and even told me to take it easy, so…
-[grunts]
-Snap out of it, Jang Yun-bok!
Yun-bok! You have to stay focused, okay?
[groans]
Okay!
[both grunt]
[keypad clacking]
[cell phone ringing]
-Hey.
-[Geon] Got a male TA patient. 39.
There's a fluid collection
in the perisplenic space.
-[cell phone ringing]
-We're suspecting a hematoma.
Go ahead.
[Chang-min]
Male TA patient, age 39.
-We did PCC due to tamponade…
-[door opens]
…but it's all blood.
[Gwang-hyeon] The BP rose to 90
after inserting in a chest tube
and performing pericardiocentesis,
but he needs surgery.
CT scan shows bleeding in the spleen.
[Ik-jun] What about hemoglobin
and the blood transfusion?
The initial level was 15
and two pints of Type-O blood
were transfused
because the results are not out yet.
His vitals are still dropping, though.
During the transfusion,
we've discovered the surgical scar
in his abdomen, as well.
We need to open his chest first
if there is a bleeding
even after the pericardiocentesis.
I can control the bleeding
in the chest for the time being.
Come inside when it's done.
I'll give you a call.
If vitals are weak
and there's heavy bleeding,
we need to do it together.
All right then.
Drape the chest to the abdomen.
Okay. okay. Call Anesthesiology
and prepare blood and CPB too.
-Understood sir.
-[Chang-min] Thank you.
[dramatic music]
[Jun-wan] Listen up.
The patient may lose a lot of blood.
-So keep an eye on the volume.
-[anesthesiologist] Okay, will do.
Are his vitals okay?
I'll go in right away if they're unstable.
[anesthesiologist] They're okay
at the moment.
[Jun-wan] Scalpel.
[machine beeping]
[suction rattles]
Be thorough with the suction.
[Chang-min] Yes, sir.
[machine beeping]
[suction rattles]
No more bleeding, right?
[Jae-hak] Yes.
[Jun-wan] Professor, what's his BP now?
It'll keep dropping
without another transfusion.
Are you almost done?
For the chest, yes, we are.
We need to open the abdomen soon,
so I'll keep the chest open.
Okay, good job.
-[machine beeping]
-[suction rattles]
[approaching footsteps]
[Ik-jun] Expect heavy bleeding.
Can we have the bar retractors first?
Everyone good?
[suspenseful music]
[machine beeping]
[Ik-jun] The hematoma is severe.
Get the bowl ready.
I was worried about adhesions,
but the spleen seems to be okay.
Pipette.
Suction.
[Geon] Okay.
[suction rattles]
I see where the bleeding is.
[Ik-jun] Gauze.
Now press it down.
[Geon] Okay.
-[suction rattles]
-[sloshing]
ANESTHESIA DURATION
CURRENT TIME
ELAPSED TIME
[suspenseful music continues]
[Ik-jun] Can I have the clamp?
[Ik-jun] Clip.
[clanks]
We've located the vessel,
and we've controled the bleeding.
Okay.
Are his vitals okay?
Yes, they're good so far.
I'll be monitoring them from here,
so just focus on the surgery.
Thank you.
[Ik-jun] When severe bleeding
is expected in the procedure,
make sure you have your retractors ready
before you open them up.
Otherwise,
blood could gush out right away.
[Geon] Okay, got it.
[Ik-jun] Jun-wan, should I be in charge
of this patient or you?
He had heart surgery in the past.
So maybe you should take him on
instead of me.
I'll monitor him too.
[Jun-wan] Sure. He has a pneumothorax
and a sternal fracture too,
so I should take him on.
I'll have a word with his guardian later.
Okay.
Give Dr. Jae-hak a call when you're done.
[Geon] Okay, understood, sir.
[machine beeping]
[dramatic music]
[Ik-jun] We'll remove the specimen now.
[Jun-wan] Uh, the surgery is almost done,
and I'm pleased to say
everything went well.
We did locate a tear in his heart,
but we managed to fix it
and stop the bleeding
before it got any worse.
The surgeons got the bleeding
under control quickly,
so I'm certain that
he should be recovering well soon.
Thank you very much.
Thank you so much, doctor.
We'll be moving him to the ICU right away.
We'll check how he's doing
before we give you any further updates.
Okay, thank you.
[Ju-hyeong's wife]
Thank you so much, doctor.
Thank you.
[sobs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[machine beeping, hissing]
[light music]
Hello, sir. Are you in any pain?
You suffered a hematoma,
but you're okay now.
Go get some sleep.
We can fill you in later.
Focus on pain control.
He has a rib fracture,
so be careful when taking him off
the ventilator. Okay?
Yes, sir.
Ba-reum has just passed gas.
Can he have something to eat now?
Sure, you can just order him
some porridge.
Let me just double-check first.
-Thanks a lot.
-[mouse clicks]
[sucks teeth]
It's your first week in here,
so Professor Ahn will ask you
some questions.
Did you study Si-on's chart?
Lee Si-on. Born prematurely, at 750 grams.
He's been in the NICU
for over the last three months.
Furthermore, he received an ileostomy
two weeks after birth due to NEC.
And underwent another surgery
to fix the stoma
when he reached three kilos.
[Ji-u] Ooh. You're pretty good.
-[Jeong-won] Shall we?
-[Hong-do] Yes.
Right, yes.
That's right. Ye-eun's in a good mood.
[nurse] She didn't cry and she slept well.
With regular bowel movement.
STAFF ONLY
[Ji-u] Hello.
What was the G-tube
drainage reading today?
It was 140 yesterday,
but it's gone down to 70.
Ah, well, that's great then.
[babies crying, cooing]
[Jeong-won] My gosh,
every time that I come down here,
I see you holding Min-sol in your arms.
I don't want her to cry.
She smiles the moment I pick her up.
[chuckles]
Oh, wow!
-Take it easy, okay.
-[both chuckle]
[baby crying]
Oh, well, I can see
that Si-on isn't pushing it away.
No, Si-on had a few sips today.
Oh.
I'm going to try one more time
this evening.
For today, I think we can try to aim
for a 30cc intake.
Mm.
[both chuckle]
How cute.
[clicks tongue, chuckles]
All right, Hong-do.
Si-on underwent surgery for NEC
and had another surgery to fix the stoma.
In neonatal cases just like this,
can you tell me what you need
to pay attention to?
Ah…
I'm sorry, Professor.
The baby had abdominal surgery,
so you must observe the abdomen
for stomach inflation.
You also need to make sure
that the baby's eating well,
having regular bowel movements,
and you also have to monitor
the baby's weight too.
These are the four most important things
to take note of.
Yes, Professor. I'm very sorry.
And it'll would be
something else tomorrow.
-Take it easy.
-Thank you.
[light music]
-[Si-on cries]
-[nurse gasps]
Oh, gosh. Oh, my goodness.
-[Si-on continues crying]
-[nurse mumbles]
[babies crying]
[Min-sol's mother] Min-sol, Mommy's here.
Why are you crying, hm?
Min-sol. It's me, your mother.
Hm? Are you hungry?
[babies crying]
Can you hold my baby too?
Min-sol keeps crying.
I was holding Min-sol until just now.
I can't hold just a single baby
the whole day.
Yes, I know. I understand that.
[sighs]
But still…
[crying continues]
Hey, Min-sol, why are you crying, hm?
[Min-sol's mother] Oh, Min-sol.
Sweetheart. Mm.
[Seok-hyeong clicks tongue]
Has Song-hwa picked a song yet?
[Ik-jun] Yeah, don't get me started.
Hey, it's only twice a year,
just let her have her way.
What's the song called?
And why didn't you stop her?
She can't even sing the first line.
I tried to ask her!
I threatened her and treated her to lunch.
I did my best.
And then what?
She says it has to be this.
You try talking to her.
If she ignored you,
then what chance do I have?
She's really stressed. We can suck it up
for a couple of minutes.
We should've timed it
with the Summer Olympics.
Who knew two years would fly by this fast?
-[sighs]
-[cell phone ringing]
Hey, Min-ha.
-What?
-Hey.
I'm in the center garden. What?
Okay.
[phone beeps]
Hey, aren't you gonna return
Chuchu's feelings?
[chuckles]
Now that's our Cupid's next project.
Hey, you… you listen to me.
If you lose Chuchu,
then you're gonna be
the biggest idiot ever.
[laughs]
Hey.
[pants]
Uh…
[chuckles softly]
Ah, hello. I thought you were alone.
Oh, did you want to be alone?
Oh, no, no, please stay.
Rock-paper-scissors. Ready or not?
-Rock! Yes!
-Hold on.
-Rock-paper-scissors! Rock-paper-scissors!
-[grunting]
-[Jeong-won] Oh!
-[Ik-jun] Yeah!
[Ik-jun chuckles]
-[Seok-hyeong] Thank you.
-[Min-ha chuckles]
Chu.
Well, I never said
that I'd give it to the winner.
It's the loser who gets the ice cream.
Oh, let's do it again. The loser gets it.
Rock-paper-scissors!
[grunts]
That's enough.
She's never gonna give it to us.
Thanks for the ice cream.
Sure. See you later.
-Oh. Hey, Dr. Chu.
-Yes?
Was I able to give you this last time?
You know, this.
[laughs]
Ah, Professor.
[both chuckle]
[laughs]
[sighs]
Hey, was Seok-hyeong
always that expressive in the past?
-You saw that, didn't you?
-I sure did.
I've never seen a smile
like that on a baby.
[scoffs]
Seok-hyeong must know
how he feels about her, right?
I mean, you and Gyeo-ul at least knew
you had feelings for each other.
But what if that bear
has no idea how he feels?
It's making me anxious, man.
No, Seok-hyeong knows.
I'm sure he knows exactly how he feels.
I bet that he is racking his brain
right now,
just trying to figure out what to do.
He's slow at everything,
and tends to take his time
to mull things over.
My gosh. Unbelievable.
[chuckles]
It may take a while, but I'm sure
he's even thinking about the consequences
and wants to sort it out first.
They have so many hurdles to overcome too.
So tell me,
how long do you think he'll take?
Not long.
You saw that look on his face,
it's already game over.
-My goodness.
-[Jeong-won laughs]
["In Front Of The Post Office In Autumn"
by Kim Dae-myung playing]
[sighs deeply]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
STAFF ONLY
Keep an eye on Bae Jun-seong.
And call me if the heart failure worsens.
We'll expedite the surgery.
Okay, I'll call you right away.
-Thank you.
-[Chang-min] Sure.
-Professor Kim!
-[Jun-wan] Oh, God!
Tomorrow's Saturday.
Do you have your band practice?
And where on earth were you hiding?
I follow you around wherever you go.
That is so creepy.
[clicks tongue]
-We're not practicing this week.
-Do you want to go hiking tomorrow?
Hiking?
I just joined a hiking club.
It's really cool.
They give you food, clothes,
and even a backpack.
And hiking is super fun.
It's like an adventure.
If you're just going to veg out at home,
let's go hiking instead.
If I what?
Did I… did I just say
"veg out", Professor?
Yes. yes, you did.
And besides,
I have important plans tomorrow.
-[Jae-hak] What time?
-6 p.m.
-Where?
-Garosu-gil.
-[quirky music]
-[groans softly]
Why am I telling you all these things?
-You're just lonely.
-No, I'm not.
-[elevator door opens]
-[Jun-wan] Mm.
[Jae-hak] Eh, if it's at 6 p.m,
we can go before that.
We'll go in the morning.
We'll go early
so you can be there by 6 p.m.
Come on, I'm already 42.
I'm 41.
I'm too old. I can't do
two different things at once.
Just go by yourself, hm? Seriously.
And goodbye.
I don't want to see you again today.
[quirky music]
[both panting]
[slurping]
-Hmm.
-[bowl clanks]
-Is it good?
-Hmm.
-[Ik-sun chuckles]
-[slurps]
U-ju, you're using
those chopsticks like a pro.
When did you get so good?
[munching]
-[Ik-sun] Hmm.
-[door opens]
[door closes]
♪ You don't have to be good
At chopsticks so you can eat ♪
♪ I'm not that good at using them
But I can eat just fine ♪
♪ Everybody around me always telling me
When I'm eating my meal ♪
♪ Hey what's your problem, buddy? ♪
Hey, that's enough. Let's just eat.
All right then.
-You out tomorrow?
-Why?
I want to go ride a bike with U-ju.
Come with us.
-I've got plans.
-What time?
-At 6 p.m.
-And where?
Garosu-gil. Hey, seriously!
You sound worse than Mom.
Stop prying into my private life.
-You know what to do.
-What?
-For a fever.
-Take the meds.
-If it doesn't come down?
-Go to the ER.
Good.
I'm more of an expert than you are.
I've been taking good care of myself.
But hey, come on, how can I not worry?
Mom called again today.
She told me to keep an eye on you
since you were sick.
Hey, come on, I'm not a kid anymore.
I know my situation better than anyone.
Ik-jun, I'm doing okay.
I'm taking good care of myself,
so you don't have to worry about me.
[sighs]
♪ I was just having dinner
With my next-door neighbor ♪
♪ And I got picked on
For not using chopsticks correct ♪
♪ But I like the way I am
And I'm eating just fine ♪
♪ And I'm just the way I am
Just mind your own time, time, time ♪
-♪ Hey look, even if I wear jeans ♪
-♪ Hey! ♪
♪ As long as I look neat ♪
♪ Then I know it would be just fine
I'm gonna be all right ♪
♪ In my summer clothes, hey! ♪
♪ When in shorts, looks so nice
Feeling cold, we'll beat the heat ♪
[Ik-jun] ♪ Stop worrying about
What others think ♪
-♪ It'll make your life more enjoyable ♪
-[Ik-sun whooping]
-♪ Don't lose yourself, just be yourself ♪
-♪ Just be yourself ♪
[both vocalizing]
-♪ Be true to yourself, oh ♪
-[Ik-sun] Whoo-woo!
♪ You feel like dancing
Go ahead and bust a move ♪
♪ Come on, Grandpa, Come on, Grandma
Dance with me ♪
Come on, Auntie!
-♪ It don't matter if you're young ♪
-[both] ♪ Or if you're old ♪
-[birds chirping]
-[door opens]
[keypad clacking]
[Jun-wan] I'm just texting to confirm.
We're meeting at six on Garosu-gil.
No need to rush.
Whoo!
Gosh, it was so hot today.
[chuckles]
Come on, son, come on.
[U-ju] Push this for me, Dad.
[Ik-jun] Right. Here.
Let's go. Let's go.
Auntie! Could you please
run a bath for us?
[grunts]
-[Ik-jun] Your helmet.
-Professor Lee.
-Yes?
-It's U-ju's aunt,
she isn't feeling so well.
She's sick.
[somber music]
[sighs]
-Did you take your medication?
-[Ik-sun] Yes, I took two.
It used to work right away,
but now I don't know
why it doesn't work anymore.
I'll take you to the ER.
[Ik-jun] You need to cancel your plans.
Yes, I think I should.
[sharp inhale]
Can we go to the hospital nearby.
It's large enough anyway.
Jun-wan knows you're here in Korea.
Did Jun-wan tell you that he ran
into me the other night?
Mm. Yes, he told me
that he ran into you on the bus.
[sighs]
Okay, let's go to Yulje.
It's the weekend,
and he's not on duty today.
So I'm sure you won't run into him.
[softly]
Yeah.
["Reminiscence" by Jung Kyung-ho playing]
[Ik-sun] I don't think
I can make it tonight.
I'm not feeling so well.
I'm sorry, Jun-wan.
["Reminiscence" by Jung Kyung-ho
continues playing]
I DON'T THINK I CAN MAKE IT.
I'M NOT FEELING WELL. I'M SORRY, JUN-WAN.
["Reminiscence" by Jung Kyung-ho
continues playing]
[Ik-jun] I hope her temperature goes down.
We gave her a fever reducer
and dose of antibiotics.
That should do it. It should go down soon.
Wait in your office.
I'll call you when it goes down.
Hm.
[inhales sharply]
I'm gonna step out for some fresh air.
[sighs]
AMBULANCE ENTRY ONLY
-[Jae-hak] Thank you so much.
-[driver] Sure.
-Have a good evening!
-[driver] You too.
[Ik-jun] Hey! Hey!
Oh, hey, Professor Lee.
[both chuckle]
-Did you go hiking today?
-Ah. Yes.
My patient who has surgery next week
isn't doing well, so I came to check.
What are you doing here on a Saturday?
I thought you were meeting
Professor Kim today.
Why would I see him on the weekend?
[chuckles]
[Jae-hak] Oh, he told me
he had dinner plans.
I thought it would be with you
and the others.
We don't love each other that much.
Come on, man.
[chuckles]
-Go on.
-Oh, okay.
Oh. Hey, wait a sec.
Did he say
he was meeting someone at 6 p.m.?
Yes, that's what I heard.
Do you know where?
Garosu-gil.
[light music]
[temperature device beeps]
It's finally going down.
-Stay until the IV bag runs dry.
-Sure thing.
We should do a CT scan too.
I'll give her some antibiotics.
Oh, thanks. Oh, man.
-[sighs]
-What are you still doing here?
Hey, come on. I have to take you home.
It's all right.
I can just take a cab instead.
I'll figure it out. Just get some sleep.
-Then wait in your office for me.
-[hands fluttering]
The doctor said this will take a while.
Oh, jeez, okay then. I'll be in my office.
[Ik-sun] Mm.
-[Ik-jun exhales sharply]
-[curtain rattles opened]
[curtain rattles closed]
-[machine beeping]
-[breathes deeply]
[groans softly]
[phone line ringing]
-[Jun-wan] Hey, what's up?
-Where are you?
Home. Why? What's going on?
-In the ER.
The ER?
My sister was running a fever,
so I brought her to the ER.
She's getting an IV now.
Her temperature has gone down.
We'll wait for the IV to finish.
So I guess we will be here
for another hour.
Something like that.
I had to go to my office
because I knew
that she didn't want me there.
But I'll go when they call me.
I'm just saying.
Are you there?
Yes, yeah, I'm here.
I got to go.
[phone beeps]
[dramatic music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Hello, Professor.
Give me a break,
it hasn't even been 30 minutes yet.
[approaching footsteps]
Ik-jun. I told you, I'm feeling fine.
[somber music]
[gasps softly]
[sighs]
[somber music continues]
Are you all right?
Yes. I must have eaten something bad.
I had indigestion then a fever too.
[sighs]
I just read your chart, you know.
Why didn't you tell me about it?
[Ik-sun clicks tongue]
[Ik-sun] It happened after we broke up.
And it has nothing to do with you.
It was in March last year.
You got the CT scan and MRI done here
in March last year.
You lied to me.
Your friend, Se-gyeong.
[Jun-wan] That was all a lie.
[phone chimes]
[Ik-jun] Just checking up on you.
No need to text back.
[Ik-sun sobs]
[breathes shakily]
["Is It Still Beautiful"
by Seventeen playing]
What's the meaning of this?
["Is It Still Beautiful"
by Seventeen playing]
[sighs]
[Ik-sun] Oh, I almost forgot.
-I'll go give U-ju a goodnight kiss.
-Okay.
[Ik-jun chuckles]
She's gonna drop this.
[mouse clicking]
[Jun-wan] Did you open the app?
[stutters]
I'm talking to you on the phone.
I'm using my laptop.
[Jun-wan] Ah.
EXPRESS BUS TICKETING
23:30 20 SEATS AVAILABLE
24:00 25 SEATS AVAILABLE
Let's see here.
Okay. Hold on.
[Jun-wan] The earliest one.
The earliest one?
Hold on a sec.
Uh, is there a seat left?
No, not for the earlier ones.
Then it doesn't matter.
Sure.
[cell phone ringing]
-Hey, go ahead.
-[Jae-hak] Hi, professor.
Bae Jun-seong's pulmonary edema is severe,
and he can't urinate.
He's on a ventilator now.
Really? What was his last urine output?
The last time we checked,
it was only 10cc.
-I'm coming.
-Sorry to rush you, Professor,
but we need your help with this right now.
On my way.
[phone beeps]
We can talk some other time.
All right?
[somber music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[sighs]
[hair rustling]
Did you check in on Kim Pil-seong?
How's his drainage and jaundice doing?
Yeah, the drainage was at 150cc.
-Bilirubin levels dropped a bit at 3.2.
-Hm.
I see. I checked it too.
It doesn't look too good.
-Dr. Kim Geon.
-Yeah.
He received a liver transplant
three years ago,
and the surgery went well.
Then a year later, he received PTBD
due to biliary complications.
We removed it after six months,
and he was doing fine afterwards
until the bile duct problem recurred
two weeks ago.
Radiology tried doing PTBD three times
with a four-day interval in between,
but even their attempt failed.
All because the guide wire
couldn't pass through.
Even the ERCP failed last week.
What other options do we have left?
Well…
Su… surgery.
[chuckles]
Yes. Correct.
-It wasn't even a difficult question.
-Right.
All medical interventions failed,
so the patient needs surgery.
If we go right ahead with it,
what's the name of the surgery?
Hepaticojejunostomy.
Right.
The Professor might ask you about it.
I'm helping you prepare for it.
[mouse clicking]
Yes, thank you so much.
[bright music]
[Ik-jun] Hi, guys.
-[Gyeo-ul] Hello, Professor.
-[Geon] Hello, Professor.
[Ik-jun] Let's go.
[Ik-jun] The PTBD we tried yesterday
also failed.
We can keep on trying,
but then we run the risk
of causing infections or bleeding.
Another thing we can try is surgery.
I happen to have no surgery booked today,
so we should get it done soon.
I think we can do it today.
[sighs]
So we're finally resorting to surgery?
[clicks tongue]
Yes. I know
you've heard this numerous times,
non-surgical procedure used to work
on obstructed bile ducts.
But I'm afraid
that isn't the case anymore.
This is the only way that we can proceed.
We'll perform surgery to connect
the ducts to the intestine.
You can think of it
as creating a new pathway.
Will we do it now?
[Ik-jun] Ah, when was your last meal, sir?
Well, he's eaten nothing
since dinner last night.
Okay, great. Yes.
[inhales sharply]
As I have explained before,
20 percent of patients
can experience complications,
even if the surgery went well.
Usually we can treat them without surgery,
but not in your case.
[Ik-jun] So the sooner we treat this,
the better.
We'll begin as soon as you ready.
Your doctor will go over everything.
Once you have signed the consent forms,
we can then get started.
I'll leave you to discuss this.
-We'll do it tomorrow.
-[Gyeo-ul] Okay.
[Ik-jun] Call Anesthesiology,
and let me know
when you finalize the time.
-[Gyeo-ul] Got it.
-Good.
Geon, can you tell me
the name of this surgery?
Hepaticojejunostomy.
Ooh.
Professor. Professor Shin Hui-seong
in Radiology said he was going to Busan.
Should I ask someone else
for the intraoperative ultrasound?
Oh, right, they have a conference meeting
over in Busan this week.
Yes, and they're taking turns to go there.
Someone else is here,
but he's not an abdominal radiologist.
Ah, but Professor Shin and I
have been treating this patient together.
[inhales sharply]
Has he left already?
[gasps]
Well, anyway.
[Jae-min] Chang-min!
-[elevator door closes]
-[hurried footsteps]
Hey. Look who's here,
my old high school buddy,
and first-year ER resident, Yeon Jae-min.
So what brings you here?
[Chang-min] Oh. I'm impressed.
You came to check in on the patient?
[Jae-min] Yeah. I wanted to check on him.
We struggled to stabilize
his vitals in the ER
-but now he slated for surgery.
-Just check his chart.
I wanted to check up on him in person.
[chuckles]
[both chuckle]
[Ju-hyeong exhales sharply]
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, doctor.
[gasps]
Have you eaten yet?
Yes, I already have.
Mr. Ko Ju-hyeong,
how are you feeling right now?
I feel great.
I slept very well last night.
I owe it all to you and Professor
Kim Jun-wan's efforts as well.
You saved my husband's life.
[chuckles]
I didn't even do much.
Professor Kim's just that amazing
as a surgeon.
All I did was assist him
during the surgery.
My husband told me something, doctor.
[Ju-hyeong's wife] When he was waking up
from anesthesia,
he saw two blurry faces
looking straight at him.
[chuckles]
He doesn't remember anything else,
but he vividly remembers
two faces looking at him
exactly the way you two are right now.
[chuckles]
He said that he felt just like
the prince in The Little Mermaid.
[Ju-hyeong's wife sighs]
He thought to himself, "Oh, I'm still
alive. These men saved my life."
And then, just as he was thinking that,
he fell right back to sleep.
Oh, also the other professor of surgery
who was on duty that day is also famous.
[Ju-hyeong's wife]
Professor Lee Ik-jun, right?
Yes, he stopped by this morning.
I see. It's incredible that they happened
to be on duty that day.
It's so awful that your husband
was hit by a drunk driver.
I'm very sorry that
that had to happen to him.
But he really was very lucky
that the surgery turned out all right.
And it's all thanks to what you did.
We will never forget this.
[chuckles softly]
Oh, and this is…
Have you left already?
[Hui-Seong] Yeah,
I'm on the express bus right now.
We just got on the highway. Why?
Oh, boy.
What's going on?
Professor Shin, it's about
Kim Pil-seong. He needs surgery.
Really?
We're going to perform
a hepaticojejunostomy in two hours.
I was hoping you'd be able
to monitor the ultrasound.
[Hui-seong sighs]
I'll come over now.
Wait. What? How?
You're already on the highway, aren't you?
I'll make the bus turn around.
Oh, gosh. It's all right. It's all right.
I'll figure it out.
I have no choice anyway.
Have a safe trip, okay?
All right, see you soon then.
-All right.
-Bye.
[breathes deeply]
[puffs]
Look at you.
-[chuckles softly]
-[Si-on cooing]
You're eating so well, Si-on.
[chuckles]
I heard he already had 300cc today.
Yes. And after this, it'll be 350cc.
[gasps]
We should tell Si-on's mother.
She'll wanna hear the good news
right away.
Yes.
[Jeong-won chuckles]
[lively music]
Patient Ko Ju-hyeong?
The one who had emergency surgery?
Yes. I had no idea until Hyo-ju told me.
Turns out, he's the husband
of one of her closest friends.
It's a close friend
that I had never met before.
I only heard about it now.
She was so flustered that
she couldn't call me
until her husband moved to a regular ward.
She only thought of me then.
Oh, but honey, she's so curious
about something, though.
Oh, what is it?
She realized
that her husband had undergone
two different surgeries at the same time.
The ICU and the ER.
Past few days flashed before her eyes.
And she asked me to ask you
about something.
Out of all the challenging situations
in the past few days,
What do you think
was the most critical moment?
Hmm…
The abdominal surgery?
Or the heart surgery?
-[cup clanks]
-When was the most critical moment?
His case was a serious emergency,
so every moment of it was critical.
But if I were to pick
the most critical one…
Uh… What… what do you think, Professor?
Is that true, Dr. Ahn?
[sobs]
Yes. Si-on can eat
and swallow properly now.
It looks like it's almost time
for her to go home.
If she's still eating
at this pace by tomorrow,
then I'm certain that
you two can finally take Si-on home
the day after tomorrow.
[Si-on's mother chuckles]
-Thank you so much, Dr. Ahn.
-Thank you.
My Si-on is…
finally going home
for the very first time.
My gosh.
We owe it all to you, Dr. Ahn.
You saved Si-on's life.
We can't thank you enough.
[sobs]
Thank you very much.
Thank you so much, Dr. Ahn.
To tell you the truth,
I've only been checking in
for five minutes twice a day
since the surgery.
Then except for those five minutes,
Si-on received care
from the NICU nurses for 23 hours a day.
I'm really glad Si-on is recovering
and can swallow now,
but 90 percent of the credit
should really go to the nurses.
Really, it's them that you should be
thanking and not someone like me.
-You're right. We will then.
-[Si-on's father] Okay.
All right.
-[Si-on's father] Thank you.
-[Si-on's mother] Thank you.
[machine beeping]
[Ik-jun] Irrigation, please.
No bile leak, right? Everything good?
[Gyeo-ul] Yes, the connection looks good,
Professor.
[suction rattles]
Let's check the ultrasound.
We're doing an intraoperative sono.
[nurse] Okay.
[sighs]
[mellow music]
Professor, let's check the ultrasound.
[Ik-jun] Professor Shin.
[bright music]
[Hui-seong] Freeze.
The artery looks good.
And so do all the vessels.
They all look good. I'm relieved.
[Ik-jun] Yes. The vessels are all okay,
so he'll recover soon.
[Hui-seong] Yeah, he should recover soon.
The ER.
He might not have made it,
if he wasn't able to get
proper treatment in the ER.
-Ah.
-Our ER staff did a great job back then,
so he made it to the OR.
That's why we were able to operate
on both his heart and intestines.
So if I were to pick
the most critical moment,
I'd have to pick the ER.
-Call the CS and Surgery. Now.
-Yes, sir.
[sighs deeply]
[machine beeping]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
[rattling]
We drained some blood,
but his BP is still 70.
Is the chest tube ready?
[So-ye] Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'll handle this patient.
Go take care of the other ER patients.
Let me know if you need a hand.
[So-ye] Okay.
[Gwang-hyeon sighs]
[grunts]
[grunting continues]
[breathes deeply]
[suspenseful music]
[rattles]
[machine beeping]
[mellow music]
[exhales deeply]
[uplifting music]
[sighs]
[inhales deeply]
[exhales deeply]
Professor. Professors Lee Ik-jun
and Kim Jun-wan are here.
Okay.
[Ik-jun] How did you manage to come back?
I almost jumped out of my skin
when you walked in.
Hey, of course, I'd be here.
It's my patient.
Who'd do it if not me?
[chuckles softly]
But how did you get back?
I'll explained the situation to them,
I got off at the rest area,
then I had to call for a taxi.
Wow! No way!
[laughs]
Seriously!
Thank you so much.
[munching]
I didn't come here because of you.
I did it for the patient.
We've been treating him for two years.
I have to be here.
All the failed PTBD attempts,
those had me worried.
My goodness.
[sucks teeth]
Oh, you!
Wait, I should do something. Stay put.
Okay, hold on.
-Okay.
-All right.
I'll… I'll give you a neck massage.
-Just like this. Okay, okay?
-Yeah, yeah.
-Now, a scalp massage.
-No! Not the scalp.
This hair cost me three million won.
Come on!
-Oh! Come on! You're lying.
-Hey!
-Come and stand here instead.
-Oh, why?
You served the ball,
and I hit it like this.
-Hm?
-Ah…
-[sighs]
-So what was the problem?
You're gonna bringing that up again?
I told you. In table tennis,
you have to be able to take turns.
Yes! You and I kept taking turns.
That's exactly what we did! What the!
EMERGENCY CENTER
[dial tone trilling]
[operator] The number you dialed
is unavailable.
Professor, it looks like
Jae-min has gone AWOL all of a sudden.
I just saw him
in the smoking room earlier.
-What? Is he in there now?
-Hm.
[murmurs]
Oh. That little…
Hey, hey, hey! Just leave him be.
He kinda looks like an overthinker to me.
Why don't you go
and let me talk to him instead?
You should head back home now.
Uh. Okay.
NICU 1
Oh, what's this?
Did you bring food from home?
Oh, thanks! I was starving.
[chuckles]
Let's have it together later.
Dr. Choi is almost here too.
Okay.
Wait a minute,
when did you have time to cook?
After all, you were here
all day with me, weren't you?
Hmm…
[laughs]
[inhales deeply, clicks tongue]
I can understand why that hurt, really.
I get what you mean.
Do you never feel that way, Professor?
I was really upset then.
I felt like the Little Mermaid.
[chuckles]
"I've been in your shoes too.
But you have to understand."
I know that I should be telling you this
to comfort you.
But to be frank,
I've never thought about it that way.
I'm just happy
whenever we get good results.
It doesn't matter to me
who gets the credit.
If we're able to give
effective emergency treatment,
and save the patient, then that's enough.
That's a good enough reward for me.
We don't help patients
and expect something back.
And besides, do the patients even need
to know all of that?
All we need to do is to do our best.
And if the patients recover
because of that,
then that when we know
we did our job well. Right?
Right.
Look, Jae-min.
If you're still hurt by that,
I know you did a great job back there.
That's the truth right there.
-[chuckles softly]
-I know that you did,
so does Dr. Kang So-ye, so does the chief,
and so does Hui-su as well.
You can count on that.
So you shake off that anxiety,
and get back to work, you brat.
Sebastian and your other friends
are swamped right now.
[chuckles softly]
Yes, sir.
[light music]
[Gwang-hyeon chuckles]
[tongue clicks]
[sighs deeply]
-[nurse 1] You must be hungry.
-[nurses gasp]
[nurse 1] What is it?
[nurse 2] It's gimbap.
-Oh, wow! It looks so good.
-[nurse 3] Oh, my gosh!
-What's that?
-[nurse 2] It's fruit.
-What's this one?
-[nurse 3] It looks amazing.
It looks so good.
[Si-on's mother]
To all the nurses in the NICU
who work so hard to help my daughter.
Thanks to your team,
who looked after my Si-on
as if she was your own child,
she can now eat and swallow
and has even gained weight.
I'm so happy that we can finally take
Si-on home with us.
Thank you for everything.
For the love and care that
you've showed my daughter.
And for being Si-on's best friend
for such a long time.
What's that?
[Si-on's mother] Thank you so much
for all of your help.
-[nurse 2] What's that?
-We'll remember you forever.
We love you all so much.
[sentimental music]
[Rosa] Jong-su.
[Rosa clicks tongue]
I realized something after this scare.
[Jong-su] What?
The things that I said,
back when you were still ill,
probably didn't comfort you at all.
[scoffs]
What did you say back then?
There, you see. You don't even remember.
[both laugh]
[Rosa] "You really have no regrets
in life?
Come now, don't be like that.
You're only 70."
[Jong-su] Ah, you're right,
it's coming back to me now.
[Rosa] You know, when I was sick,
I refused to listen
to what others were saying.
[Jong-su] Everyone gets like that.
And all I could think about
was how futile and boring
life had become for me.
I couldn't listen
to what anyone was saying.
In the end, Rosa, I guess…
you should stop nagging
the people around you.
Think about your life
and happiness,
and try to have fun every day of it.
Um, yes, I will.
I'm so happy
I got back into playing piano.
-I wish I've done it sooner.
-[chuckles]
Honestly, I want to start something.
What?
You inspired me to do something.
I want to…
I want to learn how to cook something.
[both laugh]
That said,
let me make dinner this evening.
[chuckles]
Did you take the day off again?
Yes.
You'll get fired at this rate.
[quirky music]
-[exhales heavily]
-Hey, seriously. What is wrong with you?
You're such a lazy bum. Do you know that?
[groans, inhales sharply]
[Rosa] Hey, you took a day off last week
as well, right?
And you complained
about your knee yesterday and left.
Diligence is the only thing
we can count on at this age.
Do you at least get to work on time?
If you can't even keep
small promises like that,
then nobody would want to work with you.
-Hey!
-[Jong-su grunts]
[Rosa] And the youngsters
certainly won't trust you either.
And you had the goal to demand
everyone attend your dinners on Friday?
-[Jong-su] Watch your step.
-[Rosa] Hey, now. That's so inconsiderate.
You know everybody goes away on weekends.
And they all leave on Friday nights.
[Jong-su] Gosh, look at those dark clouds.
I guess it will start raining again.
[Rosa] They said to expect rain
all day long.
[Jong-su] Let's hurry home.
Oh, wait. Actually, let's take our time.
-What do you say?
-[Rosa] Hey, I can walk well now.
[Jong-su] Hey, hey, hey. Wait.
Oh, come on, you traitor!
Don't leave me like this.
-[Rosa] Whatever!
-[Jong-su] Hey, wait!
-[Rosa laughs]
-Seriously.
[Ik-jun] Be careful.
[Song-hwa] Hm. Oh.
Good things really can come out
of bad times.
What do you mean?
Because of my mom's condition,
all three of my brothers
have been calling her every morning.
[chuckles]
My brothers and I
are rarely ever that affectionate to them.
We use to saying, "No news is good news."
But this weekend, we're actually gathering
for a family meal.
That's only natural.
[Ik-jun clicks tongue]
So, how's your mom doing?
She's okay. She's come to accept it.
She's been taking her meds,
and she has even been coming in
for her appointments.
Oh, look, it's raining.
Again?
Wait. No, it's not.
It is.
[rain pattering]
[Ik-jun] Ooh.
[both chuckle]
[Ik-jun] Hey. Come on.
[both laugh]
Oh, wait, wait, wait. Hey!
-Be careful there. Be careful.
-[Song-hwa] Wait!
[Song-hwa and Ik-jun laugh]
-[gentle music]
-[both chuckle]
[sighs]
[both chuckle softly]
It's like a hurdle.
It's like a hurdle race.
I see about three more over there.
Well, can you do it?
You just gotta jump over them. Go!
[gentle music]
[rain pattering]
[slurps, gulps]
[gulps]
[Song-hwa exhales deeply]
[Song-hwa clears throat]
[Song-hwa vocalizing]
[warms up voice]
[continues warming up voice]
[vocalizing continues]
H… Hey, Song-hwa.
We can pick something else now.
We can play any other song
you want us to play.
Nope.
I'm going to sing this song.
It's my birthday after all. Mm.
Okay.
Hey, Song-hwa. Go for it!
[cheering quietly]
[breathes deeply]
[clears throat]
["You Have A Crush On Me" playing]
One, two!
[both] One, two, three, four!
[off-tune]
♪ Woah, woo, woah, woo, woah ♪
♪ Woo, woo, woah ♪
[in Korean]
♪ You've fallen for me ♪
♪ In the dazzling spotlight ♪
[both] ♪ You've fallen for me ♪
♪ Don't just smile and answer me ♪
-♪ You've fallen for me ♪
♪ On this exciting Saturday night ♪
♪ Just tell me honestly ♪
♪ You're playing hard to get
To grab my attention ♪
♪ But I won't fall for it ♪
♪ Woah, woo, woah, woo, woah ♪
♪ Woo, woo, woah ♪
♪ You've fallen for me ♪
♪ What are those eyes trying to tell me? ♪
-♪ You've fallen for me ♪
♪ Dance for me, come on, come on ♪
♪ The moment our eyes met ♪
♪ I felt the passionate spark ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, stand by me
Stand by me, stand by me ♪
♪ If you want me to ♪
♪ I'll go take the stars
Out of the sky for you ♪
♪ Oh, stand by me, stand by me
Stand by me ♪
♪ Kiss me on the cheek ♪
♪ Oh, yes! ♪
[singing]
[clears throat]
-♪ Introduce me to someone nice ♪
-[cell phone beeps]
[gasps]
[Ik-jun] Can we meet?
I have something for you.
[giggles]
[squeals, giggles]
[gasps]
[exhales deeply]
[clears throat]
[Song-hwa] You wanna meet up?
Sure.
Where are we meeting?
[chuckles]
[exhales sharply]
[breathes deeply]
[phone thuds]
[sighs]
["You Have A Crush On Me" playing]
♪ Oh, stand by me, stand by me
Stand by me ♪
[in Korean]
♪ If you want me to ♪
♪ I'll go take the stars
Out of the sky for you ♪
♪ Oh, stand by me, stand by me
Stand by me ♪
♪ Kiss me on the cheek ♪
♪ Oh, yes ♪
♪ Woah, woo, woah, woo, woah ♪
♪ Woo, woo, woah ♪
-♪ You've fallen for me ♪
♪ You've fallen ♪
♪ For me ♪
Whoo!
[chuckles]
[cell phone rattles]
[sighs]
-[beeps]
-[gasps]
[gasps]
[Ik-jun] Sorry, something just came up.
I'll see you another time.
[somber music]
[sobbing]
[Song-hwa sobbing continues]
[lively music]
[Gwang-hyeon] Come to think of it,
those guys are amazing.
They must be swamped with work,
but they still actually do band practice.
I'll chose the song. It's my right
because it's my birthday.
-[Ik-jun] Practice real hard, okay?
-[all] Hey!
What is this? Tomorrow's dress code
is called "black and chain."
[Seon-bin] Why they named
their band Gongnyong Ridge anyway?
[Gwang-hyeon] Well, initially
they first started as a hiking club.
I'm not going. I said I'm not going.
So don't even think about it.
-Min-ha.
-Yes?
[Gyeo-ul] So you still have
one more chance, right?
With how hard you've been working at it,
I think you'll succeed this time, though.
[Min-ha] It's the last chance that I have.
I absolutely need to succeed this time.
[Jeong-won] What a relief.
I knew we could count on that bear.
What's up?
[Gyeo-ul] Hey, so how's our mother doing?
[Jae-hak] You're pretty much
the only person so far.
You're the only person I know,
who hasn't asked me
why we don't have any children.
["Reminiscence" by Jung Kyung-ho playing]
DOVE
[sobs]
["Reminiscence" by Jung Kyung-ho fades]